DOC-425 part 3: Drafts for CaVEMan, CellRanger_10x_Chromium, CellRanger_10x_Filtered_Counts, CellRanger_10x_Raw_Counts, DNAcopy workflows (#357)
NCI-GDC/gdc-docs: docs/Encyclopedia/pages/CellRanger_10x_Raw_Counts.md

# CellRanger - 10x Raw Counts

## Description ##

CellRanger - 10x Raw Counts is a gene expression pipeline used in GDC single-cell RNA-Seq (scRNA-Seq) harmonization.

## Overview ##

> CellRanger - 10x Raw Counts is part of the scRNA-Seq Pipeline (single-nuclei) used for scRNA-Seq harmonization at GDC. Alignment is performed with CellRanger - 10x Raw Counts using tumor tissues and generates transcriptome profiling data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CellRanger - 10x Raw Counts is part of the scRNA-Seq Pipeline used for scRNA-Seq harmonization at GDC. Gene expression quantification, for all barcodes, is performed with CellRanger and generates transcriptome profiling data.
```

Author: changed

### Input

> * Tumor BAM - scRNA-Seq 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BAM - scRNA-Seq 
```

Author: changed
